[0:08-0:09] Speaker A: Hello, this is Carl.

[0:10-0:13] Speaker B: Hey Carl, it's Eleni calling with Fabric Mart. How are you?

[0:14-0:15] Speaker A: Fine, how are you doing?

[0:16-0:20] Speaker B: I'm good, I'm good. Is still now a good time for you to connect with me?

[0:20-0:26] Speaker A: Yeah, I'm on the road, but hopefully I'll maintain, uh, cell coverage.

[0:27-0:34] Speaker B: That's okay, that's okay. If you cut out at all, then I'll just kind of— we can figure out another time. But so far so good on my end. Okay.

[0:35-0:36] Speaker A: All right, great.

[0:37-1:20] Speaker B: Uh, so Carl, thanks so much for taking time out of your day to chat with me. I really appreciate it. So just to give you— yeah, so just to give you a little, a little bit of like a high-level overview on how I typically structure these type of introduction conversations, I want to get to know you a little bit better, see exactly if you were looking to make a move from your current situation, like what that would actually take. But at first, I want to talk to you a little bit about Savvy, what we're building over here and what we're continuing to build. So we look for advisors with a book of business that's portable, and with that book of business, they want to take it maybe to a more dynamic organization. They want to better serve their clients, and really they just want to have time back at the end of the day. So I want to go into detail on exactly what that looks like, and we can go from there. Does that work for you?

[1:21-1:22] Speaker A: That does, yes.

[1:22-4:20] Speaker B: Okay, perfect. So let me start with Riddick. Okay, so Riddick is our CEO and our founder. He owned two companies before creating Savvy. He sold one to Box and he sold one to Brex. As he sold them, he went through the financial advising experience, as one does, and even from that top level, he realized there was a lot of pen to paper. He dove into the industry and realized that the industry was really far behind when it came to technology. So what he did was he interviewed hundreds of advisors saying to them, hey, if I were able to create a more tech-infused traditional RIA, what would you want out of a platform that will help you better serve your clients and grow your books? So with all this information, he created Savvy Wealth. We have an in-house engineering team that has built a proprietary system that has centralized everything for the advisors. So instead of logging into 4 or 5 different portals every day, you log into one centralized area and you're able to navigate throughout all of your information that way. We have a clientele portal. You're able to provide it to all of your clients. There's more transparency, better communication. Our client satisfaction score is through the roof, and I think it's one of the contributing factors. Now, Carl, I know it's probably hard for you to visualize exactly what this looks like. So any advisor that is interested in Savi, we put them through a tech demo. And I will say every single advisor that steps away from this tech demo literally says the exact same thing, that they would have so many less headaches if they were on our platform. Um, so overall great feedback that we get from that perspective. Other areas that we heavily invest in is going to be marketing and operations support. Okay, from a marketing perspect— from a marketing perspective, we take someone like yourself and we We say, hey, how have you been marketed before? How do you want to be marketed? Here's innovative strategies, custom campaigns, and we have a team dedicated to executing these with you. Operations, you own your own book over here. You set your own fee. You get a dedicated CSA. We do clear through Schwab and Fidelity. We think that ownership and autonomy is the best way for us to create a more financial advisor-centric organization. And really respect an advisor too. Last thing that I'm gonna touch on with you really quick. Yeah, last thing I'll touch on with you really quick is gonna be the financial situation, right? So we build out custom compensation packages for each individual advisor. What is included in there is going to be equity. We're Series B, we're venture-backed, we raised about $72 million in our last round. We've reinvested that within the company. So as you look at financial packages, you're like, alright, Savvy put something together that makes sense makes sense for me to make a move right now, but also with this equity could be really financially worth it in the next 5 years. So, Carl, that's it in a nutshell. I know I threw a lot at you, but I wanted you to see from like the technology to the marketing, operations, and obviously that equity component on why so many advisors have been attracted to Savvy. And I want to know what your initial thoughts are.

[4:22-4:51] Speaker A: Well, I, I think it The genesis of this conversation is curiosity because I've seen your name, you know, around. Yeah. And there's actually a gentleman that I used to work with a while back at TIAA in Indianapolis. And he is now an advisor. I have not talked to him.

[4:53-4:55] Speaker B: Oh, okay. Which one is it?

[4:55-4:58] Speaker A: But I was thinking about— it's Steve.

[4:58-5:03] Speaker B: It's Steve. Okay, I was gonna say, I was like, yeah, Steve's the best. He's so nice.

[5:04-5:07] Speaker A: I— oh yeah, he's a good dude. He's a really good guy.

[5:07-5:20] Speaker B: He is a really, really good guy. He's probably our only— because we don't have too many people that have come from TIAA. I think he's like the— I think he might be the only one, but Steve's He's awesome. He is such a nice person.

[5:22-7:14] Speaker A: Yeah, so I found it interesting that, um, he made the move just simply because, um, I'm not sure of the portability of those clients, you know. And that's kind of the situation I'm in. I, you know, I, I have a decent book but a lot of it is trust business, like irrev trust. And so, you know, that is— well, I would say, I don't know, maybe two-thirds of the money is in irrev trust. And so it's an obstacle to moving, right? Because the, the, uh, the trustee was assigned by, uh, the, you know, whoever the grantor. And, you know, some trusts the beneficiary has the right, some not, uh, to, to move those, uh, uh, trust— those corporate trustees. So that's, that's my thing. Now, it's not all my book, but it's a good portion of my book. And to be honest with you, It's the majority of money that I would want, right? Um, and, and with that would come all kinds of, uh, trust administration, which I don't want. So I'm kind of— in a way, I'm kind of stuck until my— the nature of my book changes, you know? And that's gonna— that's gonna take some time. So, you know, I mean, I I thought you were sort of this independent advisory— you're really a platform, right? Um, that, uh, kind of advisors—

[7:15-7:17] Speaker B: go ahead.

[7:17-7:40] Speaker A: Well, that's my impression of it, is you're more of a platform advisors can plug into it, and, um, you help them with, uh, you know, um building their book through efficiency and technology, um, more so than like, you know, a traditional RIA, or am I missing something there?

[7:40-10:04] Speaker B: So we are very much a traditional RIA, so very much from a traditional RIA in a standpoint of like just, um, like the investments that we're able to kind of like offer. Like we have like an entire portion of our, um, our company is our investment desk, right? So we do have like— so the SWIM is basically Savvy Wealth Investment Management. So it's our proprietary offerings of dedicated like in-house investment programs and models. So you're able to tap, have resources in all different regards. We just launched our tax division. We have estate planning on the horizon. We want to eventually be like an all-in in-house, like everything in-house from that regard. So we are a traditional RIA. I will say that probably why you're thinking that it's a little bit more of a platform is the autonomy aspect with it, right? So this is kind of how I want advisors to always think of like how we operate. We want people to feel like, to feel as they're independent advisors. We want people to be like, hey, you know what, this is my book of business. How are you guys going to support my book of business? Okay, awesome. You're able to do it from all these additional offerings. You're able to kind of match exactly what I'm doing from this type of regard. Okay, perfect. Let's go ahead and talk about from a marketing perspective, from operations, what I need from that type of, you know, from those type of angles. So it's very, very much a traditional RIA. We are just tech infused and we provide autonomy unlike any other type of like RIA out there. There's a lot of them where it's like, you know, they push products, for example, where we don't push products over here. We want people to kind of like, you know, if they don't want to grow in the direction and like they don't have markers that they have to grow in every year, they can bring their book over here, operate whichever way they want. They can utilize, you know, the way they want to structure their books. We don't push products from any type of regard from that. So it is very much traditional RIA. Now, to go back to your book right now, I'm kind of curious on exactly— here's the thing, like, we've talked to people that are in your situation before, and sometimes from a financial component, we're able to go ahead and make something work depending on like the portability aspect of— so you said two-thirds of your book is kind of sticky to the organization organization that you're a part of. And then there's one—

[10:04-10:10] Speaker A: yeah, so like I have about $70 million.

[10:10-10:10] Speaker B: Okay.

[10:11-12:33] Speaker A: Uh, I would say 50 of that is trust business, and I have never— I've never— you know, like I would have to read every single trust, which is not my job, um, really, um, to, um I rely on somebody else to interpret the trust for me. But, you know, of that, of that, um, I'm not even certain of how much would be portable. Now, the other $20 million or so is somewhat portable, but you know how that goes. Not everybody is going to come, come over. And a lot of the clients that I have on that are non-trust booked are smaller clients, and I don't You know, I don't want to— yeah, I wouldn't even want them to come over. Um, so like my book is not super— you know, you take a look at it, $70 million is pretty good, but you know, it's just not— it, it's not super portable. So I've talked to a few firms and I'm like, I don't know. The other thing is that my firm is— they are like the Gestapo on You know, I'm on a non-compete and they, they really go to the ends of the earth to retain, you know. So like, I know a guy left and he took $15 million with him and they, they got a settlement. I don't know what it was. In the 6 figures for that $15 million. So like, I don't think that it's just too risky, you know? Yeah, yeah, it's just risky, and I'm not sure that I want to go through all of that. Um, that said, I am looking because I'm not— I'm not happy with, uh, I'm happy with the organization, but I'm not happy with the, uh, well, there's a few things I'm not happy with, sort of the The payouts are low and the infrastructure to support the advisors is weak, and that includes both human resource and technology support are not good.

[12:33-12:38] Speaker B: I'm sure, I'm sure. Okay, let's— okay, let's— what is your clip right now?

[12:39-13:23] Speaker A: Because I assure you we're definitely higher probably than if you said it's not good to Oh yeah, you're going to be, you're going to be because like last year I did, I brought in, I forget, $100,000 and some in fees. And my split, uh, was, uh, 18% or something like that. Now I get a good salary. I have a good base salary. Um, I'm a 6-figure, yeah, over $100,000, around $100,000. So last year I made $120,000-some, and, you know, we are— I didn't know if I mentioned this or not, or if you knew this, but we're part of a bank platform.

[13:23-13:25] Speaker B: We, uh, yeah, I saw that.

[13:27-14:09] Speaker A: Yeah, so we're a division of First Financial Bank, and so, like, as my tenure grows with them and I bring in more business, the split improves to like— it'll go up to like, uh, 35% or so, um, and your salary grows and, you know, uh, so on and so forth. But the road to— the road to, uh, uh, well, let me put to you this way. A high compensated advisor at our firm is somewhere around $300,000, is sort of the top end, and I— that's not enough for the work that we do, in my opinion.

[14:09-14:10] Speaker B: No, absolutely not.

[14:11-16:23] Speaker A: Yes, well, right. Yeah, and I'm not really building equity at this point, so like, I'm looking around, but I need something that is, you know, sort of the— I, I hate to use the phrase— the old Fisher model, where, you know, you start off, they give you a base Marketing is done for you or highly subsidized and they wean you off that base for a few years, then I think it would be more appropriate because I don't really want to get into the mess of fighting over clients and lawsuits and all that stuff. It's not me. I'm not into that. That's why I feel like platform— I'd say platforms, companies like yours, I'm not quite ready for that yet. You know, I'm just not. My book's not ready. Maybe in a few years, but again, like I said, they, you know, I'm on a non-compete, and I was surprised when I was at Schwab, guys were leaving all the time and taking You know, the highest I saw was like $130 million some guy took, and I don't think they ever really pursued it. They did, but nothing ever really came to it because they figured out it was going to take them— first of all, the guy was really smart on how he did it, and second of all, it was going to be too much in legal fees to worry about it, you know. Um, uh, but these guys, no, they're not, they're not like that. They're much smaller organization. And so I'm a little worried about that. So, okay, you know, you know what I mean? So I just don't think it's— I kind of thought this might be what the case. Otherwise, if I didn't, I would have, I would have applied, you know. Um, I look on LinkedIn Um, but I thought, well, hey, you're reaching out to me. I'll, I'll give you a call or I'll talk to you about it.

[16:23-18:48] Speaker B: For sure. For sure. So here's like a couple things that like I can kind of, I'll explain from our end. Right. Um, so we have a minimum for a portability aspect at like, um, like probably $15 million is as like low as we get. Usually we tell individuals it's like around like $25 million, right. From like a, um, perspective. Okay, um, from a financial component, what you made last year compared to what you would get— unless— and I'm throwing this out there, obviously we have to look at contracts and there's— we have a transition team, there's a lot of things involved in that. But if you can say to yourself like, hey, you know what, I do have about 20, 25, 30, whatever the number would be, where it's like, hey, you know what, this I do feel pretty confident that they're pretty loyal to me. I feel that, you you know, if they're in the right type of way to, um, quote unquote pursue, because you're not really actively pursuing, like, I feel that they would come with me regardless of where I would go. Um, it would equal to around then, and you're like, hey, you know what, but I want to make sure that my split— because our split is like, you know, we start conversations in the 60s, like it's very, very, very different, you know. Um, if you can say stuff like, you know, hey, I want this the $120,000 that you made last year, we can honestly look at it and say, all right, let's get you around that number. Let's make sure that it makes sense. Let's go ahead and look at a draw perspective. Like, we can figure out a way to make you do this. But then from the marketing standpoint, you will have that book of business that transitioned over. Even though it's not the $70,000, it's a smaller amount, we can go ahead and start marketing you from that book of business. Um, that's what we've done with a lot of people that have been in your situation before. Now when it comes to the non-compete that you have, obviously I have an attorney on staff that reviews contracts. She's wonderful and she can review like, hey, you know what, there's nothing in this clause. Like if they do try to have anything, like we already know exactly how we stay compliant for things and it is what it is. And so I think that we have won like every single case that's ever happened because a lot of the time it is is not from like a core foundation, like they're not legally— unless you have non-accept in your contract, which it could be in your contract, then a non-compete or a non-solicit is something we can work around. But if you have a non-accept where you're not allowed to accept business from your previous employer, that's a different situation, but we'd have to look at that contract.

[18:48-18:59] Speaker A: That's a good question. I don't— I— yeah, there's definitely a non-solicit, but Non-accept, I'm not familiar with that term. I've never heard that before.

[18:59-20:32] Speaker B: Very, very— yeah, it's very rare because it, um, a lot of advisors like, like a lot of firms, like it's so outdated. A lot of advisors like, I'm not going to a place like that, that's ridiculous, I'm not going to a place like that. And so a lot of places just have traditional non-solicits and then, you know, they have these type of situations where they try and like maybe spook the advisor or something. And it just— it's a natural thing. We deal with it all the time. So I will throw that out there to you. If you feel like, hey, you know what, if Savvy's able to go ahead and come up with like a split that makes sense for me financially, they're able to kind of give me some type of like a financial package that would make sense and everything. I want to make a move. So then you have full autonomy and control over your book. And then as you start to grow it, and, and I, and I say this just because I don't know exactly like where, what point you're at in your career, but all, as you start looking at kind of, you know, later stages in your career, you have this ownership of this book that you're able to go ahead and sell potentially. You're able to go ahead and do succession plans. You're securing yourself from a financial standpoint, a lot different than if you're working for a company where your book isn't going to transition with you anywhere. So I say that for a lot of people because people are like, all right, hey, it's risky, but the reward is— it outweighs the risk because of all of this. And we try and help as much as possible.

[20:33-21:51] Speaker A: Yeah, I just— I think I'm a year or two away from being where it would make sense to do that. I started 2 years ago and I've brought in some nice clients. There's certainly some, I just don't think it's quite there yet because, well first of all, this non-accept thing, when you said it's antiquated, that is our whole game. We are so antiquated in this. In every way. Um, that I'm going to look at that. I'm going to look at that to see if it's not non-solicitor, non-accept. And then, and then, um, you know, as far as the, uh, uh, the book goes, I kind of want to get an idea of, you know, the powers of trust, uh, of the beneficiaries to rename trustees. Um, I don't— yeah, I don't know about that part of it. There are some really good accounts there though. And then like, if we did that, I mean, I'm sure— I don't know if you guys have like independent trustees that you recommend, or, you know, that you have some sort of agreement with. Do you know?

[21:53-22:01] Speaker B: I'm— I do not know from that regard. I could, I could find that information out for you, but I, I don't know.

[22:01-22:28] Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think it's premature anyway. Um, you know, so, uh, I, I appreciate the time. I think the tech stack looks incredible because it is, it is. I have to sign in multiple times per day to multiple systems because because they time out so fast. And, um, yeah, it's crazy.

[22:29-22:47] Speaker B: I think if, I think if you went through a tech demo here, you might— like, if your company is like as outdated as it, you know, you say it is, I think that it would— I think you going through a tech demo, I think you'd probably have a tear come down your cheek at the end of it on how much more easier your day-to-day would be.

[22:47-24:13] Speaker A: So, um, So let me ask you another question. Um, so on my— in my current setup, I have a centralized portfolio management team, and then I also have, uh, what, what, what I referred to as an advisor-managed, where I manage the money. Um, obviously my preference is to have everything go to the centralized portfolio management team. For scale purposes. Is it similar there? Like, are there some advisors that are managing some of the money themselves and others are turning it over to, um, yeah, yeah, we have, we have both options when it comes to that from a support standpoint. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sometimes, like, I've got a lot of accounts where they were in the past haven't been managed. There's all these gains, they're all out of whack, and And so I have to manage those sort of manually. And the other ones that are a little bit, I guess, not like that, I can turn them over to centralized management. I don't really have to worry about rebalancing or recommended portfolio changes or anything like that. It's much better and easier for me as an advisor. But anyway, I just wondered. Um, if that's kind of the same setup.

[24:13-24:16] Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, absolutely.

[24:18-24:22] Speaker A: Well, listen, I don't want to take any more of your time. Like I said, I still feel like it's probably premature for me.

[24:23-24:34] Speaker B: Yeah, I completely understand. Carl, when can I reach back out to you? Do you mind if I maybe in like 6 months I can kind of check in to see where you're at? Maybe, yeah, maybe things have changed a little bit.

[24:35-25:05] Speaker A: It could be. And, you know, maybe, uh, I'm gonna start looking at some of these trusts. And, you know, the other issue with, with these trust accounts is, you know, multi-beneficiaries living in different parts of the country, and it's, it's hard to, I guess, wrangle them in, but it's not impossible. It would really only take a few accounts, right, if I could do it. Yeah. Um, and I have like 70 of them or something like that. Uh, no, well, maybe, maybe 50, 50.

[25:06-25:26] Speaker B: 50,000. If you review it and if you review it and you're like, hey, I think that there's some like workaround with it, like we can also help review it as well and like make sure that everything stays from like a compliance standpoint. Like I— there's things that we can do. I don't want to ever say no, we can't do it because there's a lot of options that we can go down over here. Okay.

[25:27-25:37] Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, listen, I appreciate your time. Thank you for reaching out. And yeah, she never knows. What happens, right?

[25:37-25:43] Speaker B: You do. Yeah, you do the same. You have my cell phone number now. We're connected on LinkedIn. Feel free to reach out to me. Okay.

[25:44-25:45] Speaker A: Okay. All right. Take care.

[25:45-25:48] Speaker B: All right. Thanks, Carl. Have a great day. Bye-bye.